## Contribution Guidelines
### LLM/AI-generated contents
Any types of AI-generated answers/comments are strictly forbidden, and will be subject to removal. However, for those who cannot speak English
and had to use the AI-based translation, please post with original message and translated message,
with the Translation Service/AI Model that you used for translation.

It is also forbidden to create ANY types of commits that is created/or assisted with AI-generation.
This is because we do not have time to manage all types of commits that is considered safe from any types of copyright infringements generated by AI.

### Issue reporting/feature requests
Before you post an issue, make sure you:
* Check there is no similar/duplicate issue by searching on issue tracker page.
* Check if the issue you are about to post are already resolved by searching on issue tracker page.
* Are able to post issue in English. We cannot help you if you post non-english issue tracker. Try to use translator if you can't speak English.
* Provide more details. Do not just post 'It is not working' or 'Add feature pls' and it is NOT really helpful.
* Follow the templates when writing your issue.
* Keep the issue as one. If you have several issue to report, don't hesitate to make new one instead of having multiple issue on single issue.
* Keep the issue focused at QuantuMiz or QuantuMiz CE project. We cannot provide support for other subjects, and should be reported to appropriate places.

If you have something else to contribute, feel free to make a pull request on our [Codeberg repositories](https://codeberg.org/MercsRoyale).

Any contents that does not follow these guidelines may result in your content hidden or deleted,
or restriction from accessing our repository if continued. Thank you for your cooperation.
